<a name="module_Pager"></a>

## Pager
A pagination control.  This takes an input size `I` and a page size `P`and breaks it up into N = I/P entries.  The entries are displayed as alist of pages that can be chosen by the user.  When clicking on the pageentry a selection event is invoked to tell the user what page was selected.The user is responsible for responding to the event and dealing with thepage switch.The component contains two buttons on the front of the list and two buttonsat the end of the list to aid in navigation.  The first button moves to thefront of the page list.  The second button moves one page back in the listIf at the front of the list, then no operation is performed.  The last twobuttons are used to move to the end of the list or to move foward oneposition.The right side of list contains a dialog button with `...`.  This allowsthe user of the control to change the page size.#### Examples:```javascriptimport {Pager} from 'gadgets';<Pager    initialPage="1"    pageSizes={[25,50,100,500]}    sizing={Sizing.normal}    totalItems="2999"    onSelect={        (page: number) => {            console.log(`Clicked on page: ${page}`);        }    }    onSort={        (sortOrder: any) => {            if (sortOrder === SortOrder.ascending) {                console.log(`Sorting pager in ascending`);            } else {                console.log(`Sorting pager in descending`);            }        }    }    useinput    />```The example above would create a `Pager` control that contains 120 pageentries to choose from.  The default page size is the first entry inthe `pageSizes` array property.This control would also include a `TextField` that allows the user to jumpto a page by its number position.#### Events- `onChangePageSize(pageSize: number)` - when the page size of the controlis change in the dialog box this event is invoked with the new size.- `onSelect(page: number)` - When the control changes to a new page, thisevent is invoked.  It will give the new page selection as a parameter.- `onSort(sortOrder: SortOrder)` - When this callback is given, then thedialog button will present an *ascending* and *descending* option.  When oneof these are selected, then it will invoke this callback with the selectedtype.#### Styles- `ui-pager` - The top level style for the control on the `<div>` container.#### Properties- `initialPage: number (1)` - The page to start with in the list display.- `pagesToDisplay: number (3)` - The number of page buttons to show withthe control.- `pageSizes: number[] ([25, 50, 100])` - A list of page number sizes thatcan be used by the pager.  It is used against the total items todetermine the total number of pages in the control display.- `totalItems: number (0)` - The total number of items represented by thecontrol.- `useinput: boolean (false)` - If this is true, then a text input is shownwith the control that allows the user to jump to a specific page.

<a name="module_Pager..value"></a>

### Pager~value(props)
Takes the given page size and input props and determines the appropriate initialPage,lastPage, and initialPageSize.  These variables are saved within the class andare used to set the state of the current page and the computed page size.

**Kind**: inner method of [<code>Pager</code>](#module_Pager)  

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| props | <code>PagerProps</code> | the set of props that should be used to compute the initial page information (size, first/last page) |

