<a name="module_Treeview"></a>

## Treeview
This component represents data in a hierarchical parent/child view.  Theunderlying code is a wrapper around the [react-sortable-tree](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-sortable-tree)component written by Chris Fritz.  The [README](https://github.com/fritz-c/react-sortable-tree/blob/master/README.md) for Theproject shows examples and properties for the component.The two required properties are `treeData` and `onChange`.  The control relieson feeding data back in to the control as props (via treeData state) to controlthe contents; the calling app is repsonsible for the data.  The `treeData` usesthe following array of node structures (TreeviewItem), where a node is defined as:    [      {title: "string", subtitle: "string", expanded: "boolean", children: ["treeData"]},      {title: "string", subtitle: "string", expanded: "boolean", children: [          {title: "string", subtitle: "string", expanded: "boolean", children: ["treeData"]},          {title: "string", subtitle: "string", expanded: "boolean", children: ["treeData"]}      ]}      ...    ]Where `title` and `subtitle` are shown on the node.  The `expanded` booleanwill show objects under the parent (if they exist) based on the `children`prop.  The `children` prop is an array on the parent node of the child nodes.Each of these nodes are also potential parent, etc.#### Examples:```javascriptimport {Treeview, TreeviewItem} from 'gadgets';...this.state = {    treeData: [    {title: '1.0', expanded: true, children: [        {title: '1.1'},        {title: '1.2'},        {title: '1.3'}    ]},    {title: '2.0', expanded: true, children: [        {title: '2.1'},        {title: '2.2'},        {title: '2.3'}    ]},    {title: '3.0', expanded: true, children: [        {title: '3.1'},        {title: '3.2'},        {title: '3.3'}    ]}];...<Treeview    onChange={(treeData: TreeviewItem[]) => this.setState({treeData})}    treeData={this.state.treeData}/>```#### Events- `onChange(treeData: {TreeviewItem[]}) ([])` - The array of TreeItem nodesused to represent the current state of the tree.#### Styles- `ui-treeview` - applied to the SortableTree component on the top `div`- `ui-treeview-container` - applied to a div that surrounds the tree control.this is where the height of the control is handled.#### Properties- `treeData: {TreeviewItem[]}) ([])` - The data structure that describes thetree hierarchy (see example above).

