<a name="module_TagList"></a>

## TagList
The tag list control is a basic list of strings that act as metadata foranother control.  They are used to categorize information.  There aretwo types of `TagList` controls: static and dynamic.  With the staticcontrol the list of string are given when the control is created andare never changed.  With the dynamic control the list of tags canbe added or removed from the list.  Each operation results in an eventsignalling what occurred.#### Examples:##### Dynamic TagList```javascriptimport {TagList} from 'gadgets';<TagList tags={['one', 'two', 'three']} useinput />```##### Static TagList```javascriptimport {TagList} from 'gadgets';<TagList tags={['one', 'two', 'three']} />```#### Events- `onBlur` - invoked when the user leaves the control.  This event workslike the escape key (resets the input)- `onChange` - invoked as the user presses keys.  Receives the a referenceto the `HTMLInputElement`- `onDelete(tag: string)` - invoked when a user removes a tag from the list.The tag that is removed is given to the callback as a parameter.- `onKeyDown` - invoked when the user first presses a key.  This watches forthe escape key within the control.- `onKeyPress` - invoked whne the user presses a key.  This watches for theenter key within the control.- `onNew(tag: string)` - invoked when the user adds a new tag to the list.The tag that is added is given to the callback as a parameter.#### Styles- `ui-taglist` - style placed on the root div of the control#### Properties- `nosort: {boolean} (false)` - if set to true, then the tags will not besorted when displayed, otherwise they are sorted.- `tags: {string[]} ([])` - the list of tag strings initially added to thecontrol.  This is only respected on creation of the control- `useinput: {boolean} (false)` - if set to true, then the user is allowed tomanipulate the tag list inline, otherwise the list is statically created.

