<a name="module_Switch"></a>

## Switch
A button control that works like a toggle.  Pressing the button will turn iton or off.  The color of the slider shows the state.  The default color forthe button when off is red, and when it is on it's green.  There are twotypes of buttons: *inny* and *outy*.  The *inny* places the button withinthe slider.  The *outy* makes an oversized button outside of the slider.#### Examples:```javascriptimport {Switch, SwitchType} from 'gadgets';<Switch    initialToggle={true}    onClick={(toggle: boolean) => {        console.log(`clicked: ${toggle}`);    }}    switchType={SwitchType.inny}/>```#### Events- `onClick(toggle: boolean)` - invoked when the circular toggle button isclicked.  The callback is given a boolean parameter.  When true, the buttonis *on*.  When it is false it is *off*.#### Styles- `ui-switch` - style applied to the root container for the component- `ui-switch-slider` - style applied to the backgrond oval behind the button.This changes color when the state is updated (turned on/off)- `ui-switch-button` - applied to the circular slider button- `ui-slider-on` - style applied when the state is *on* (true)- `ui-slider-off` - style applied when the state is *off* (false)#### Properties- `initialToggle: {boolean} (false)` - The initial on/off state for thetoggle.- `innyScale: {number} (0.6)` - the percent sizing of the circle buttonfont size when using the Inny type.- `noripple: {boolean} (false)` - Turns off the ripple effect that occurswhen the circular button is pressed.- `outyScale: {number} (1.25)` - the percent sizing of the circle buttonfont size when using the Outy type.- `sliderScale: {number} (1.25)` - the percent sizing of the slider portionof the control as a percent of the font sizing.- `switchType: {SwitchType} (SwitchType.outy)` - Sets the visual form forcontrol.  There are two types: `inny` and `outy`.

